Greeting Youtube
Now you are about to see the video
Toyota Alphard and Vellfire 2015
New mode
We started with Toyota Stars
Toyota Star is the most popular MPV in Indonesia
why?
In Indonesia, rich people can’t be rich if they don’t have Alphard Toyota
Toyota’s redesigned interior is very beautiful as usual
The new interior design always makes the old models look old-fashioned
Just like the old generation, all the functions are almost the same
But they seem to be different in design
There are different things in the front seat area
There is no formal handrail in the world, it has been changed into a very large center console.
Maybe it feels like a car
There is also a slightly different position in the center seat.
a very small, small table
And the rest of the legs can be extended a little
To match our height
However, there is a big problem
Look at his face
Why is ugly hell?
I have been waiting for this new model for a long time.
Then revealed
Why is it like this?
a very deep disappointment
I don't understand the designer's highest
Designing a car legend is like this
The taillights look weird
And the front side looks like all the grilles covered
Front grille reminds me of the movie
When I was young
Movie here
Probably in the designer's mind, no matter what it looks like it will betray
But the right model looks really better than the left side.
Before we continue Velfire
Please take a moment to subscribe to our channel
If you haven't subscribed to it yet
There are two options for the engine for Alphard and Vellfire.
2.5 liters four
3.5 liter V6
We continue to see Vellfire, indeed it is also like the ugly Alphard.
Intake grille looks different
Different head lights
Looks a little better than the stars
Afternoon sunshine
Will blind your eyes
Because almost all of the cover is chrome
Many other areas affected by chromium
Full coverage chrome
For indoor
As usual, everything looks equally like a star
The seat cover material is slightly different
You can change your favor and mood in ambient light
If you want to change your old star and Vellfire this model
We recommend choosing Vellfire
Better design
After that, we did some investigations.
Toyota is inspired by this design
This animal
Gorilla
Orangutans don't look handsome or beautiful animals
Very unnecessary inspiration from it
So which one do you choose?
Please comment below
Alphard and Vellfire are unbeatable in Indonesia
We hope that Mercedes-Benz V-class
Can beat it
All of this is our real idea
We don't pray, or comment on these products
Don't forget to check out our other videos.
And the most important thing is don't forget to like videos and subscribe to MotomobiTV
Thank you for watching... this subtitle is generated by Google Translate